---
layout: post
title: We're Hiring!
---

#### School-based Therapist (FT)

We have an opening for a full-time school-based clinician at a South Minneapolis school (grades 3-8). Our school-based clinicians provide individual, family, and group services at the school. They work closely with the student support team to assist with addressing mental health concerns and provide consultation for teaching staff regarding their clients' social/emotional needs. This position is a year-round position but allows for reduced hours in the summer if preferred.

For this position, we are seeking someone licensed as LP, LMFT, LPCC, or LICSW. Fluency in Spanish would be an asset but is not a requirement. For more information, [click here](http://www.minnesotanonprofits.org/job-details?id=130404).

#### Licensed Psychologist / Supervisor (PT)

We are looking for a part-time licensed psychologist with strong interest in community mental health to:
* Provide individual, couples and family therapy at south Minneapolis location
* Provide supervision for practicum, advanced practicum and/or pre-doctoral students
* Assist with outreach to support growth in clinic services
* Coordinate intakes and referrals with administrative staff
* Assist with agency training and orientation processes
 
We are looking for a Licensed Psychologist to provide supervision for Doctoral students in PsyD and PhD programs.  We have a strong team of supervising therapists who are licensed as LPCC's, LICSW's and LMFT's. Candidates should have experience with adults, children and families; should understand the influence of culture on the process of therapy and have experience working with diverse communities, and should have interest in integrative, community-orientated approaches. Fluency in Spanish would be a major asset.  
[Click here](http://www.minnesotanonprofits.org/job-details?id=130409) for more information. 

#### We are excited to hear from you!

To apply, please submit a resume and cover letter to jobs[at]watercoursecounseling.org.  For further information, contact martha[at]watercoursecounseling.org or call 612-767-8654.
